Afrivon WorkFlow

\*\*1. Project Name:\*\* Afrivon WorkFlow

\*\*2. Core Concept:\*\*

A standalone, mobile-first project management app designed for
tradespeople, freelancers, and small teams. It simplifies task tracking,
client communication, and financial management, while actively and
intelligently guiding its users to the benefits of the broader Afrivon
Tech ecosystem.

\*\*3. Strategic Role in Ecosystem:\*\*

\* \*\*Build Order:\*\* 6th. It serves the needs of the professional
user base cultivated by TradeLink.

\* \*\*Primary Function:\*\* To be a "deepening" application that
increases user retention by becoming an essential part of their daily
operations. It also serves as a new, standalone entry point into the
ecosystem.

\*\*4. Core Features & Standalone Product:\*\*

\* \*\*Project Workspace:\*\* A dedicated hub for each project with tabs
for Tasks, Files, Chat, and Finances.

\* \*\*Financial Ledger:\*\* A simple tool within each project to track
the quoted amount, expenses, and a real-time profitability calculation.

\* \*\*Quote & Invoice Generation:\*\* Users can create professional
quotes and invoices using built-in templates.

\*\*5. Updated & Enhanced Functionalities:\*\*

\* \*\*Inventory Management (Premium Feature):\*\* A simple inventory
tracking system for tradespeople to manage their stock of materials and
tools. This helps in accurate quoting and can be pre-populated by
purchases from the TradeLink marketplace.

\* \*\*Time Tracking (Premium Feature):\*\* A built-in time tracker for
freelancers and teams to log hours against specific projects and tasks.
This data can be used to automatically populate invoices.

\* \*\*Client Portal:\*\* A secure, read-only portal where a user's
client can log in to view project progress, see key documents, and track
milestones.

\* \*\*Gamification Integration:\*\* Completing a project, getting an
invoice paid, or finishing a project under budget will award the user
\*\*AfriPoints\*\*, contributing to their ecosystem score.

\*\*6. Monetization & Pricing:\*\*

\* \*\*Standalone Pricing (for External Users):\*\*

> \* \*\*Free Tier ("Solo"):\*\* Manage up to 2 active projects, single
> user.

\* \*\*Pro Tier ("Crew"):\*\* R149/month for unlimited projects, up to 5
team members, and access to premium features like \*\*Time Tracking\*\*
and \*\*Inventory Management\*\*.

\* \*\*Special Ecosystem Pricing (The "No-Brainer" Offer):\*\*

> \* \*\*TradeLink Member Tier:\*\* Gets the WorkFlow "Solo" Plan for
> FREE.
>
> \* \*\*TradeLink Pro Member Tier:\*\* Gets the WorkFlow "Crew" Plan
> for FREE.

\* \*\*Strategic Upsell:\*\* The app will actively promote joining
TradeLink as the better-value option compared to paying the standalone
price for the Pro tier.

\*\*7. Ecosystem Integration & Cross-Promotion:\*\*

\* \*\*Unified Afrivon Account:\*\* The single login system that powers
the entire platform. \* \*\*TradeLink Connection (The "Killer
Feature"):\*\*

\* \*\*Automatic Project Creation:\*\* When a TradeLink Member is hired,
a project is automatically created in their WorkFlow account,
pre-populated with all job details.

\* \*\*"Proof of Work" Syncing:\*\* Seamlessly push photos and project
summaries from a completed WorkFlow project to the user's public
TradePass portfolio on TradeLink.

\* \*\*Docs & CareerKit Connection:\*\* Access to the user's full
library of advanced document templates from CareerKit for generating
quotes and invoices.

\* \*\*Cross-Promotional Funnels (Contextual Upselling):\*\*

\* \*\*To TradeLink:\*\* After a project is completed, a prompt will
appear: \*"Project complete! Time to find your next job on Afrivon
TradeLink."\* It can also suggest purchasing tools for the next job via
the marketplace.

\* \*\*To Learning Hub:\*\* If a project has low profitability, a prompt
could suggest: \*"Improve your margins. Check out courses on 'Project
Bidding and Estimation' on the Learning Hub."\*

\* \*\*To Connect:\*\* Upon completing a major project, a prompt will
encourage: \*"Showcase your latest work. Share this project with your
professional network on Afrivon Connect."\*

\* \*\*Automated Partnership Funnel:\*\* The app will feature a "Partner
with Us" CTA. This is aimed at accounting software companies, payment
gateways, or other B2B service providers. The link will direct them to
the self-serve \*\*Partnership Portal\*\* in Afrivon HQ to explore
integration partnerships and purchase visibility tiers.

\* \*\*Universal Search & Calendar:\*\* WorkFlow projects, tasks, and
deadlines will be indexed and appear in the \*\*Universal Search\*\* and
the \*\*Integrated Calendar\*\*, making them visible from any app in the
ecosystem.

\*\*8. Admin & Management:\*\*

\* \*\*Afrivon HQ Integration:\*\* The central command center will be
used to manage all WorkFlow user accounts, oversee subscription
statuses, and view analytics on product usage and revenue.
